
= Audio and Video Recordings on board c-base =
We are happy to hear you are interested in recording at c-base. However,
audio- and/or video recordings are a sensitive matter and do require an
approval under any circumstances.

= Application for Approval =
Responsible for recording approval is the c-base circle. The circle is a
democratic board that gathers every 1. and 14. of a month around 8pm.
Your desired date of recording can only lay after the upcoming circle
event. Please send an application in advance to circle@c-base.org and
show up for the next circle event to introduce yourself and your
project. Your application should contain a brief project description,
your prefered date of recording, license and exploitation right, as well
as rental fee proposal.

For a successfull approval it is necessary that:

    - c-base receives a free full copy of the raw footage for our
      archives
    - you place a security deposit at c-base cashier which we will use
      to cover for damage or repairs if applicable. The bond will be
      released after receiving the full copy of the raw footage.
    - you personally convince the circle of your project. The circle
      declines applications if they do not serve the purpose of our
      association or if they simply don't see fit.

An approval of your application does not acquit you from your duty of
asking every single individual for permission to record them!

The managing board of c-base has power of veto agains all circle
decisions, which is rarely used.

= Location =
c-base consists of two decks. The upper deck is open to the public.
Upcoming recording sessions must be signposted distinctly. The lower
deck is closed for public and reserved for the members of c-base.
Explicit approval is required to be allowed to record in this area.

= Fee =
The circle will very likely ask you for a fee - additionally to the
bond. This counts especially for commercial projects. These are some
obligational reference points to help you forsee the outcome of the
circle decision:

    - Recording of an interview of a non-commercial or non-profit
      organization in combination with a CreativeCommons licensing:
        -> free of charge
    - Recording of an interview for a TV station or a major internet
      news portal with all exploitational rights of the footage bound to
      that company and the right to resell the footageto third parties.
      Total time of your time recording at c-base is less than 2 hours
      and occures only on the upper public deck:
        -> between 300 and 600 Euros
    - Recording of scenes destined for a TV show by a production firm
      with all exploitational rights bound to a commercial institution.
      Two entire days of recording on both decks of c-base:
        -> between 3000 and 5000 Euros
    - Foto shooting, e.g. for an article or interview of an
      over-regional news magazine with all exploitational rights bound
      to a publisher or the author himself, no public-domain or
      CreativeCommons licensing and a total time of recording less than
      half a day:
        -> between 100 and 300 Euros

Under certain circumstances it is possible to exclusively rent the
entire location. However, this does require an adequatly advanced
notice. c-base members always have unlimited access to c-base.
